<!-- scribble-title: Brighter By WhoMadeWho -->
<!-- scribble-lede: Plain text example -->
<!-- scribble-tags: music band -->
<!-- scribble-created: 20120305 -->
<!-- scribble-publish: 1 -->

WhoMadeWho may lack a question mark after their name but their music will certainly have you asking after them. The Copenhagen, Denmark trio is difficult to pin down but their music sounds as effortless as it is stylistically and sonically adventurous. Having formed in 2003, the genre-bending trio made up of Jeppe Kjellberg, Tomas Høffding and Tomas Barfod honed their skills on stage and in the studio, releasing a series of bestselling records on Munich based Gomma and topped off by their Kompakt released 2011 mini album "Knee Deep". They remain one of Europe's most cherished live acts - performing alongside the likes of LCD Soundystem, Daft Punk, Azari & III they are found as staples of the summer festival circuit with a breakthrough performance in 2011 at the legendary Roskilde Festival. It must be said that Josh Homme of Queens Of The Stone Age loves the band so much that he even did a cover of "Space For Rent". WhoMadeWho have truly succeeded on their mission to eschew convention.

Fusing pop and disco memes with punk paraphernalia, they now return with the sublime full length "Brighter. The new album operates as the missing link between the radical playfulness of the band's previous full-length "The Plot" and the introspective focus of "Knee Deep", bridging their early work with a newly founded sense of sincerity and musicianship. "The Sun" has already proved itself as a crowd favourite with the band; cocky, bold and catchy this is THE hymn that fans new and old will be screaming to over the summer months.

"Below The Cherry Moon" submerges the band in pop perfection revealing a matured depth and lyrical brilliance. Other songs on "Brighter" such as "Inside World", the hard-hitting "Never Had The Time" or existentialist groove study "Running Man" feature the accessibility as well as the edginess that describe both ends of the same passion: Jeppe Kjellberg's characteristic vocal hit the pop-nerve in the verses while Tomas Høffding's soft falsetto holds the song together, giving the album its constantly evolving flow. Clearly, the band members never settled for streamlined mediocrity, but keep looking for those dark spots on their own map that demand to be conquered, thus churning out another instant classic that will rule our hearts and minds. 